jqtouch/README.md, before:

jQTouch PropertyCross
==========================

This is the [jQTouch](http://www.jqtouch.com/) implementation of the PropertyCross application.  jQTouch is a Zepto/jQuery plugin which provides a framework for developing iOS and Android applications.  It is both open source and free to use.

jQTouch provides a structure on which to base the HTML, the majority of the application styling, page transition animations and touch based event handling; however, it's not a fully featured application development solution so this project uses a number of other technologies fill in the gaps:

* [Knockout](http://knockoutjs.com/) - a JavaScript MVVM framework.
* [RequireJS](http://requirejs.org/) - a JavaScript file and module loader.
* [PhoneGap](http://phonegap.com/) - used to wrap the code so that it can be installed as a native application.

To aid the development process, this project makes use of [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org/) and [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) over JavaScript and CSS respectively.

Building the Application
========================

## Browser

As the application works as a regular webapp, you can try it out by copying the files in this directory to a web accessible location and pointing your browser at it.  It should work in Chrome, Safari (both Desktop and Mobile versions) and the Android browser.  Note that since the application loads scripts via Ajax, it will not work when served directly from the file system.

## Native Binaries

The project is designed to be built with the [PhoneGap Build](https://build.phonegap.com/) service, which produces both Android and iOS binaries from the HTML source.  Unfortunatelty the PhoneGap Build requires that the project be hosted in its own repository, and hence it can not be built directly from this location.  For testing the following "proxy" repository was set up for this purpose: [PropertyCross-jQTouch](https://github.com/MarkRhodes/PropertyCross-jQTouch).  The build itself from this repository is available here: [jQTouch PhoneGap Build](https://build.phonegap.com/apps/278057/builds), note though that only the iOS and Android versions are designed to work!

The Android binary should install on your device without any problems but due to the way iOS works, the signed iOS builds will only work on our devices. If you want to test on iOS, you can setup your own PhoneGap Build app (for free!), point it at the github repository for iOS and finally configure it to use your own iOS developer certificate/distribution profile.

Commit message:

Preparing for v1.1 website update
Added new framework icons

Added lungo and phonejs website pages

jQT and IAF README uddates, see #62

Added a link to the jQT website

Updated jQM documentation

Improved Kendo README

Updated Lungo documentation

kendo UI website update

Updated the mgwt docs

Fixed formatting

PhoneJS documentation

fixes download link, see #179

jqtouch/README.md, after:

#jQTouch PropertyCross

Visit the [jQTouch page](http://propertycross.com/jqtouch/) on the PropertyCross website for screenshots and code sharing metrics.

##Introduction

[jQTouch](http://jqtjs.com/) is a Zepto/jQuery plugin which provides a framework for developing iOS and Android applications.  It is both open source and free to use.

jQTouch provides a structure on which to base the HTML, the majority of the application styling, page transition animations and touch based event handling; however, it's not a fully featured application development solution so this project uses a number of other technologies fill in the gaps:

* [Knockout](http://knockoutjs.com/) - a JavaScript MVVM framework.
* [RequireJS](http://requirejs.org/) - a JavaScript file and module loader.
* [PhoneGap](http://phonegap.com/) - used to wrap the code so that it can be installed as a native application.

To aid the development process, this project makes use of [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org/) and [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) over JavaScript and CSS respectively.

##Building The Application

Applications developed with jQTouch can be run directly within a web browser control. Because the application uses XHR in order to load templates, if you run the application from your local file system you will encounter problems due to the [same origin policy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Same_origin_policy). You can solve this either by serving the app from a web server, or by using one of the [Chrome switches](http://peter.sh/experiments/chromium-command-line-switches/) that disables this policy.

The jQTouch application is packaged using [PhoneGap Build](https://build.phonegap.com/), with the configuration specified in the `config.xml` file.

##Application Structure

 + `\assets` - icons and splashscreens used by PhoneGap, these are generated via the [PropertyCross build system](https://github.com/ColinEberhardt/PropertyCross/tree/master/build).
 + `\dataSource` - TODO: document.
 + `\lib` - the various JavaScript frameworks used by this implementation
 + `\model` - TODO: document.
 + `\style` - The application specific styles, generated using SaSS.
 + `\themes` - The standard jQTouch CSS.
 + `\util` - TODO: document
 + `\viewModel` - The view models that implement the PropertyCross logic.
 + `coffee-script.js` - TODO: document
 + `config.xml` - The XML file that is used by PhoneGap Build in order to package the app
 + `cs.js` - TODO: document
 + `index.html` - Defines the various view for the application.
 + `main.coffee` - TODO: document 
 + `stats-config.json` - Used by the PropertyCross build in order to compute code sharing metrics.
