build/README.md, before:

[Node](http://nodejs.org) and [npm](https://npmjs.org/) are pre-requisites of all of these processes. Before trying to run any make sure you've run -
```
[/build]> npm install magician
[/build]> npm install async
[/build]> npm install mustache
```

This will install the required packages.

###Generate CSV line-count stats

From project root, run -
```
[/]> node build/stats.js
```

The stats script uses the `stats-config.json` file within each framework folder. For each platform, this file details the files that contribute to the LOC count, together with the common code.

###Produce website screenshot thumbnails

This process additionally requires [ImageMagick](http://www.imagemagick.org/script/binary-releases.php) on the path.

From project root, run -
```
[/]> node build/thumbnail.js
```

###Generate assets (icons and splashscreens)

This process additionally requires [ImageMagick](http://www.imagemagick.org/script/binary-releases.php) on the path.

From project root, run -
```
[/]> node build/generate-assets.js
```

Commit message:

Updated docs re: build dependencies

build/README.md, after:

[Node](http://nodejs.org) and [npm](https://npmjs.org/) are pre-requisites of all of these processes. Before trying to run any of the build scripts you need to download and install the various dependencies. The easiest way to do this is to run `npm install` from the build folder:
```
[/build]> npm install
```

This will install the required packages.

###Generate CSV line-count stats

From project root, run -
```
[/]> node build/stats.js
```

The stats script uses the `stats-config.json` file within each framework folder. For each platform, this file details the files that contribute to the LOC count, together with the common code.

###Produce website screenshot thumbnails

This process additionally requires [ImageMagick](http://www.imagemagick.org/script/binary-releases.php) on the path.

From project root, run -
```
[/]> node build/thumbnail.js
```

###Generate assets (icons and splashscreens)

This process additionally requires [ImageMagick](http://www.imagemagick.org/script/binary-releases.php) on the path.

From project root, run -
```
[/]> node build/generate-assets.js
```
